{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}TimesNewRoman;}{\f37\froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}TimesNewRoman,Bold;}{\f38\froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}TimesNewRoman,Italic;}{\f199\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f200\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f202\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f203\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f204\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f205\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f206\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f207\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \b\f0\fs32 \sbasedon10 \styrsid11294033 Title1;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3016166\rsid8131398\rsid8604994\rsid11025023\rsid11294033\rsid11370336\rsid13322981\rsid16396820}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.4524;}{\info{\title Welcome to the University of York for the 2003 BCA Spring Meeting}{\author Dave Taylor}{\operator Dave Taylor}{\creatim\yr2003\mo4\dy2\hr15\min54}{\revtim\yr2003\mo4\dy2\hr19\min7}{\version3}{\edmins29}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords1477}{\nofchars8421}{\nofcharsws9879}{\vern16475}}\margt899\margb540 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin899\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot11294033 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid11025023\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336 Welcome to the University of York for the 2003 BCA Spring Meeting\par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981 \par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 The University is situated within easy reach of the historic city of York, renowned for its ancient history and famous architecture. In addition to its magnificent Minster, York offers many tourist attractions including the National Railway Museum, the Jorvik Viking Centre and the Castle Museum. Carpeted with daffodils, the thirteenth Century Clifford's Tower and city walls are a splendid sight at this time of the year.\par \par The University was founded in 1963 with 200 students. Now aged 39, it has expanded to nearly 10,000 students and has over 30 academic departments and research centres. The academic buildings and colleges are located within a 200-acre landscaped park well-known for its lake and wildfowl, providing a pleasant working and residential environment for staff, students and conference visitors.\par \par Crystallographic studies have been central to the University of York. Professors Michael}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Woolfson and Peter Main developed the first automated direct methods programs, and set up and taught the series of NATO courses which introduced the revolutionary methodology. In 1976 a Structural Biology group was started in the Department of Chemistry, and this has grown to a large research laboratory covering all aspects of macromolecular crystallography.\par \par The organisers would like to thank Caroline Myers and Eleanor Dodson for invaluable and enthusiastic help and local knowledge and Chick Wilson for his tireless compilation of the abstracts and the programme/abstract book.\par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11025023 \par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Meeting Organisation\par \par Main Organisers of Group Sessions\par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 BSG \tab Gideon Davies\tab \tab The University of York\par \par CCG\tab Sandy Blake \tab \tab The University of Nottingham\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Paul Raithby \tab \tab The University of Bath\par \par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 IG \tab Jeremy Cockcroft \tab }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Birkbeck College\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Chris Frampton \tab }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 The University of Southampton\par Judith Shackleton \tab }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Manchester Materials Science Centre\par David Taylor \tab \tab Consultant\par \par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 PCG \tab Steve Collins \tab \tab Daresbury Laboratory\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 John Evans \tab \tab }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 The University of Durham\par Pamela Thomas \tab }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 The University of Warwick}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336 \par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11025023 B}{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 CA Officers on the Organising Committee}{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336 \par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11025023\charrsid13322981 \par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 President \tab \tab Chris Gilmore \tab \tab The University of Glasgow\par Vice President \tab Paul Fewster \tab \tab PANalytical Research Centre\par Treasurer \tab \tab David Taylor \tab \tab Consultant\par Secretary \tab \tab Christine Cardin \tab }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 The University of Reading\par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 \par Registration\par \par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 The registration desk will be situated in the Exhibition Centre.\par \par Registration opening times are as follows:\par \par Tuesday \tab 15 April: \tab 09.00 hrs \endash  18.00 hrs\par Wednesday \tab 16 April: \tab 08.00 hrs \endash  18.00 hrs\par Thursday \tab 17 April: \tab 08.00 hrs \endash  14.00 hrs\par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 \par Contact Numbers\par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 During the Spring Meeting, local organisers can be contacted by telephone on }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 01904 432 473 or by fax on 01904 434 423.\par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 \par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 In an emergency, visitors on campus can be contacted through the\par Security Centre on 01904 434444}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 .\par \par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Urgent messages may be left with Goodricke College Reception (24 hour) on }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 01904 433100. Coin and card operated public telephones are located in each college.\par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 \par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 For security reasons, please wear your conference badge at all times.\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 \par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Car Parking\par \par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Car parking is available throughout the campus. The closest car parks to the Exhibition\par Centre are located at Campus West and Campus South. For those staying in Vanbrugh}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11025023  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 College, the car park in Campus Central is recommended.\par \par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Please note that car parking at the University of York is not free.\par \par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 For pre-booked parking at \'a32.00 per day, please fill out and display the yellow parking pass sent with your registration confirmation (Conference = BCA). Otherwise use the coin operated pay-and-display meters at a cost of \'a33.00 per day.\par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 \par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11025023 A}{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 ccommodation\par \par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Single Standard accommodation is located in James College and in Vanbrugh College.\par All En-suite accommodation is located in James College. }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Please note that keys should be collected from Goodricke College }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 (The \'93E\'94 at Goodricke College on the enclosed\par Campus Map).\par \par 24 hr check-in is available at Goodricke College. The College has a 24 hr porter service.\par If there is no member of staff at the reception desk when you arrive, please use the red telephone in the reception area to contact security who will inform the porter of your presence.\par Please vacate your room by 09.30 hrs and return your keys to the College Reception. A left-luggage service is available at each College Reception.\par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 \par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Please note that breakfast and evening meals will be served in Langwith College\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 \par Scientific Programme Arrangements\par \par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 All lectures will take place in the Exhibition Centre at the University of York. The following lecture theatres will be used \endash  PX001, PL001, PL002 and PL005. The PC}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Sessions (CRYSTALS and Phase Identification) will take place in PC Lab G/169, located in Goodricke College.\par \par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Please check the BCA Notice Board in the registration area for any changes to the timetable.\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 \par Exhibition and Posters\par \par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 The Commercial Exhibition will run throughout the duration of the meeting. It will run from 09.00 hrs on Tuesday 15 April 2003 until 15.30 hrs on Thursday 17 April 2003.\par Posters will be displayed in and around the exhibition area and will remain on display throughout the meeting. Posters should be put up by 11.00 hrs on Tuesday 15 April.\par The main poster session (in conjunction with the Poster/Exhibitor wine reception) takes place in the exhibition Centre from 19.00 hrs on Tuesday 15 April. Please be present at your poster throughout this session. This event has been kindly sponsored by Bruker AXS.\par \par The joint Oral Poster Session takes place in Lecture Theatre PX001 from 15.30 hrs \endash \par 17.00 hrs on Tuesday 15 April. Poster presenters are invited to deliver a two-minute snapshot of their posters in such as way as to encourage participants to have a closer look  during the main poster session.\par \par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Internet Access\par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Delegates will be able to access the Internet from any computer lab on campus. The nearest such lab to the Exhibition Centre is located in room G/169 of Goodricke College.\par Unfortunately there are no PC labs in the Exhibition Centre.\par As these labs are \'93open access\'94 facilities and are not exclusively for use of the BCA\par Spring Meeting, delegates must collect username and passwords from the registration desk.\par \par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Lunches, Tea & Coffee Breaks\par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Morning Coffee (Wednesday 16 and Thursday 17 April) and Afternoon Tea (Tuesday 15,\par Wednesday 16 and Thursday 17 April) will be served in the exhibition area, close to all lecture theatres.\par A packed lunch (sandwich, biscuit, packet of crisps, piece of fruit and soft drink) will be served in the exhibition area between 12.30 hrs and 13.30 hrs on Tuesday 15 April and between 12.00 hrs and 13.30 hrs and Wednesday 16 and Thursday 17 April.\par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981\charrsid13322981 \par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13322981 {\b\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Please note that lunch must have been booked in advance and will be ticketed.\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11370336 {\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981\charrsid13322981 \par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Social Programme\par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 On Tuesday 15 April, the Posters/Exhibitors Reception will be held in the Exhibition\par Centre from 19.30 hrs. Delegates will have the opportunity to chat with exhibitors and}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981\charrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 poster presenters in a relaxed, informal setting. This event has been kindly sponsored by}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981\charrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Bruker AXS.\par The Conference Dinner will be held in Langwith College on Wednesday 16 April at 19:30}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981\charrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 hrs. The Conference Dinner wine has been kindly sponsored by Rigaku/MSC.\par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981\charrsid13322981 \par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Fun Run\par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 There will be a fun run at the BCA Spring Meeting \endash  it will take place immediately after}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981\charrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 the Max Perutz Memorial Lecture on Wednesday 16th April. The run will be multiple}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981\charrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 laps of a short (1 \endash  1.5km) course giving the opportunity of taking part to all-comers. Tshirts}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981\charrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 donated by Rigaku-MSC will be presented to participants on completion of }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981\charrsid13322981 the event}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 .\par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981\charrsid13322981 \par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Local Information\par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981 \par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Buses\par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 There is a regular bus service operating between operating between York Station and}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Heslington (routes 4 and 5) at approximately 15 minute intervals from Monday to}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Saturday between 08.00 hrs and 18.30 hrs. In the evening the service is reduced to half}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 hourly}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid13322981  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 intervals. Sunday service operates every hour.\par For further information on bus timetables, please visit: }{\f36\fs28\cf2\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 www.firstyork.co.uk\par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid3016166 \par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Taxis\par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 A journey by taxi from the railway station to the University will take approximately 15}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid3016166  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 minutes and costs around \'a35.00. There are additional taxi ranks in the city centre at}{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid3016166  }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Duncombe Place and St Saviourgate.\par Ebor Cars 01904 641441\par Station Taxis 01904 623332\par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid3016166 \par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Rail news, timetable etc.\par }{\f36\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 08457 48 49 50 or }{\f36\fs28\cf2\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 http://www.railtrack.co.uk/\par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid3016166 \par }{\b\f37\fs28\cf1\insrsid11370336\charrsid13322981 Restaurants/Caf\'e9s in York\par }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 York boasts over 100 restaurants, over 140 tea/coffee rooms and a pub for every day of}{\f36\cf1\insrsid13322981  }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 the year!\par }{\f36\cf1\insrsid13322981 \par }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 A selection of restaurants is as follows:\par }{\f36\cf1\insrsid13322981 \par }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid11370336 Meltons Too }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid11370336 Ha Ha Bar and Canteen\par }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 Modern English/Continental }{\f36\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 Eclectic\par 25 Walmgate }{\f36\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 13-17 New Street\par }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid13322981 \par }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid11370336 Bar 38 }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid11370336 Kites Restaurant\par }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 Caf\'e9 Bar }{\f36\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 Fish/Seafood\par City Screen Buildings, Covey Street }{\f36\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 13 Grape Lane\par }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid13322981 \par }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid11370336 Delrio\rquote s }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid11370336 Mana\rquote s\par }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 Italian }{\f36\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 Greek\par 10 Blossom Street }{\f36\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 10 St Sampson\rquote s Square\par }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid13322981 \par }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid11370336 Fiesta Mehicana }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid11370336 Siam House\par }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 Mexican }{\f36\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 Thai\par 14 Clifford Street }{\f36\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 63A Goodramgate\par }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid13322981 \par }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid11370336 Gert and Henry\rquote s }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\i\f38\cf1\insrsid11370336 The Bengal Brasseries\par }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 Mediterranean }{\f36\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 Indian\par 4 Jubbergate, The Market }{\f36\cf1\insrsid13322981 \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f36\cf1\insrsid11370336 21 Goodramgate}{\f36\fs20\cf1\insrsid11370336 \par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid11294033 \par }{\insrsid16396820 \par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx2716\tx6546\tx6620\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16396820 {\b\fs28\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 Sponsorship\tab \tab }{\fs28\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 \par }{\b\insrsid16396820 \par }{\fs28\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 The British Crystallographic Association is grateful to the following companies for generously supporting the BCA Spring Meeting in 2003.\par }\pard \ql \fi-2880\li2880\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2880\itap0\pararsid16396820 {\b\fs28\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 \par }{\b\insrsid16396820 \par }{\b\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 Bruker AXS}{\insrsid16396820 \tab Conference Pens, Crystallography Reviews, Exhibitors/Posters Reception, Named Student Bursary\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16396820 {\insrsid16396820 \par }{\b\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 CCDC\tab }{\insrsid16396820 \tab \tab \tab CCG Prize, Crystallography Reviews\par \par }{\b\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 CrystalMaker Software}{\insrsid16396820         Delegate Bag Insert\par \par }{\b\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 ICDD\tab }{\insrsid16396820 \tab \tab \tab Crystallography Reviews, Named Student Bursary, \par \tab \tab \tab \tab PC Session (Phase ID), Programme/Abstract Book\par \par }{\b\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 IUCr\tab }{\insrsid16396820 \tab \tab \tab Delegate Bag Insert\par }{\b\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 \par Oxford Diffraction}{\insrsid16396820 \tab \tab CCG Poster Prize\par }{\b\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 \par PANalytical}{\insrsid16396820 \tab \tab \tab Conference Pads, Crystallography Reviews, \par \tab \tab \tab \tab Named Student Bursaries, PCG Prize\par \par }{\b\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 Rigaku/MSC}{\insrsid16396820 \tab \tab \tab Conference Bags, Conference Dinner Wine, \par \tab \tab \tab \tab Crystallography Reviews, PC Session (CRYSTALS \par \tab \tab \tab \tab Workshop), Fun Run\par \par }{\b\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 Roentec GmbH}{\insrsid16396820                       Crystallography Reviews, Delegate Bag Insert\par \par }{\b\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 Syngenta}{\insrsid16396820 \tab \tab \tab Named Student Bursaries\par \par }{\b\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 Taylor & Francis}{\insrsid16396820 \tab \tab Delegate Bag Insert\par }{\b\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 \par Tecan UK}{\insrsid16396820 \tab \tab \tab Delegate Bag Insert\par \par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid16396820\charrsid8131398 TTP LabTech Ltd}{\insrsid16396820 \tab \tab BSG Poster Prize, BSG Sessions\par }{\insrsid11025023 \par \par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11025023 {\b\insrsid11025023\charrsid11025023 THANK YOU\par }}