{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid 
\snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \i \sbasedon10 Emphasis;}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-1\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0
\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01*;}{\levelnumbers;}}{\listname ;}\listid-2}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid-2\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0
\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li720 }}\ls1}}{\info{\title General Bursaries 2001}{\author Dave Taylor}{\operator Dave Taylor}{\creatim\yr2001\mo10\dy25\hr5\min20}
{\revtim\yr2001\mo10\dy25\hr6\min35}{\version3}{\edmins74}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords262}{\nofchars1498}{\*\company Dell Computer Corporation}{\nofcharsws1839}{\vern71}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1273\margr1273\margt1417\margb1134 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale75\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery1440\footery1440\colsx709\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {\b\fs24 ARNOLD BEEVERS BURSARIES IN 2002}{\fs24 
\par }{
\par The bursary fund was renamed the Arnold Beevers Bursary Fund in April 2001 and endowed with \'a320,000 from the funds received from Crystal Congress Glasgow. BCA Council gratefully acknowledges several generous donations to t
he fund in its first few months of operation and welcomes further contributions to this worthwhile cause.
\par }{\b GIFT AID: }{The funds have also been boosted by a council decision to allocate Gift Aid refunds to the Arnold Beevers Bursary Fund. The 2001 Gift Aid refund of  \'a3
668.32 has added to the fund and council thanks the 183 members who have signed a gift aid declaration and contributed to the claim. Members who haven't already done so and are eligible for the scheme are encouraged to sign a Gift Aid declaration
. Your membership renewal documents for 2002 will advise you if you have already signed a form.
\par 
\par }{\b Applying for Bursaries in 2002
\par 
\par Bursaries for Nottingham Spring Meeting (25- 28 March 2002):
\par }{A limited number of bursaries are available from the Arnold Beevers Bursary Fund to cover the \'a3165 three day accommodation package and \'a3
15 student conference dinner at Nottingham (Student Registration is Free). The bursary will not cover travel expenses and recipients will be expected to present a poster.
\par Council is seeking commercial sponsors of Spring Meeting Bursaries and it is hoped to offer some Named Bursaries at this meeting.
\par The }{\b closing date}{ for all applications is }{\b 25th January 2002}{, applicants should ask for an Arnold Beevers bursary application form from the BCA Administrative Office (details below).
\par 
\par }{\b Bursaries for other BCA Meetings and Schools:
\par }{These are administered directly by the organisers of the Meeting or Teaching School. They will publicise the procedure for their bursary applications, whether funded by the BCA itself or a constituent group.
\par 
\par }{\b General Bursaries:
\par }{Arnold Beevers Bursaries are available to members, (see point (a) below) who wish to attend relevant scientific meetings in the UK or abroad which are not organised by the BCA.
\par 
\par All applications are considered by the BCA Bursary Committee, comprising the President, Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary and are guided by the following considerations: 
\par 
\par (a) The bursaries
 are primarily intended to support bona fide research students and postdoctoral workers who are BCA members. Applications from those with more senior non-tenured positions, and from those in junior permanent positions where university or industrial funds 
are unavailable, may be supported at the discretion of the BCA Bursary Committee if BCA funds are available. 
\par (b) Applicants must normally have been a BCA member for 6 months before applying. 
\par (c) Applicants will not normally be considered if they have been awarded a general bursary in the previous two years. 
\par (d) Preference will be given to applicants who have attended a BCA meeting. Applications must be received at least 6 weeks before the date of the meeting/visit. No retrospective applications are possible. 
\par }{\b 
\par }{
\par Successful applicants are expected to submit a word-processed short scientific report on the meeting/visit soon after their return; this should include details of the sessions attended and of the applicant's presentation. The reports may be submitte
d via electronic mail to the }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "member.html" \\l "admin"}{{\*\datafield 
08d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000090000000303000000000000c00000000000004600000c0000006d656d6265722e68746d6c00ffffadde00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006000000610064006d0069006e000000}}}{\fldrslt { BCA Administrative Office }}}{
 and may be published later in '}{\cs15\i Crystallography News}{'. 
\par 
\par }{\b Applicants should ask for an Arnold Beevers bursary application form from the BCA Administrative Office
\par }{
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs18 BCA Administrative Office
\par Northern Networking\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Telephone: \tab +44 (0)1355 244966
\par 1 Tennant Avenue, College Milton South\tab \tab \tab Fax:             \tab +44 (0)1355 249959
\par East Kilbride, Glasgow, G74 5NA, Scotland, UK\tab \tab e-mail:   \tab bca}{\cs16\f1\fs18 @glasconf.demon.co.uk}{\fs18 
\par }{
\par }}